story01 (#1)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story02/some-sense/README.md

# Some Sense

> You are tasked with answering one simple question: Is there at least one element that passes the test? Using the mystical `some` method, your mission is to determine whether any element in the array meets the condition of your callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are tasked with answering one simple question: Is there at least one element that passes the test? Using the `some` method, your task is to determine whether any element in the array meets the condition of your callback.
```

https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/some
